How much does the training cost?
What types of content is available on Microsoft Learn?
Do I need to create a profile to use Microsoft Learn?
What is a learning path?
What is a module/unit/learning path/etc?
What is a collection?
What are Achievements and Credentials? What is the difference?
What happened to bookmarks?
What languages are the trainings available in?
How can I access Microsoft Learn's accessibility conformance reports?
Can I get a current list of what's available on the site?
Where is my profile?
Why do I need a profile?
Can I keep my profile indefinitely, regardless of my employment status?
How many accounts can I link to my profile?
What is XP?
What are badges?
What are trophies?
How do I edit my Microsoft Learn profile?
What information in my profile is publicly viewable?
Can I download a copy of all my user data?
How do I delete my user data?
How do I change my password?
What should I do if I lost access to my Learn profile?
Can I merge two profiles of mine into one?
Where can I find a transcript of my training and credential completion history?
Where can I find my credentials?
Where can I find a list of all my achievements?
Can my employer or school access information about my training and credential history?
What are the Microsoft Learn sandboxes?
Why do I need a sandbox?
Do I need an Azure account to use a sandbox?
Can I use the sandbox if I already have an Azure subscription?
How do I activate the sandbox?
How long does sandbox activation take?
What happens when I activate a sandbox?8
Can I activate the sandbox on mobile?
Do I need to use the sandbox?
How do I sign in to the sandbox when I use the Azure portal?
How can I tell if I'm in the sandbox when I use the Azure portal?
What if I'm not in the right subscription?
Can I activate multiple sandbox environments?
I'm seeing resource groups named [Sandbox resource group] in the instructions. What does that mean?
How long does the sandbox stay around?
What happens when the sandbox times out?
Can I use the sandbox from Visual Studio, VS Code, or my favorite Azure tool?
What are the limitations of the sandbox environment?
Does resetting Azure Cloud Shell reset the sandbox too?
Can I save my settings in the sandbox and come back later?
Where can I find support for my certifications and credentials?
How do I report problems I'm seeing in the training sandbox?
I'm having problems completing a learning path/module/unit. Where can I go to get help?
I found an error with the content. Can I notify someone about it?
What is the Microsoft Learn Educator Center?
Are there getting started resources for using Microsoft Learn?
How do I find educator training content on Learn?
I was a Microsoft Educator Center (MEC) user, but I don’t see all my MEC training history in my Learn profile. Why?
I had a Certification Profile, but I don't see it anymore. What happened?
I understand that my Certification Profile was migrated to a Learn Profile. How do I login to my Learn Profile?
What happened to my MCID?
How can I contact Certification Support?
Where do I find my Learn Username?
Why should I add a "personal account" (MSA) to my Learn Profile? How can I check I have a "personal account" on my Learn Profile?
Can I merge Learn Profiles? Does this mean my Certification Data is also merged?